nucleotide_base complement table static member functions (#2584)
seqan/seqan3: CHANGELOG.md

#### Alphabet

> * We relaxed the requirement of seqan3::alphabet_base<my_alphabet> that my_alphabet::rank_to_char and
>   my_alphabet::char_to_rank must be lookup tables. We now expect that
>   * my_alphabet::rank_to_char and,
>   * my_alphabet::char_to_rank are static member functions.
> 
>   This allows for more flexible rank <-> char conversion implementation. Lookup tables are of course still possible
>   within those static member functions. This change allows to implement some special alphabets that don't need a lookup
>   table more easily. E.g. seqan3::gap that always returns rank 0 or char '-' or seqan3::phred42 where the rank and char
>   representation are just a simple offset of each other
>   ([\#2427](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2427)).
> * We relaxed the requirement of seqan3::nucleotide_base<my_alphabet> that my_alphabet::complement_table must be a
>   lookup table. We now expect that my_alphabet::rank_complement is a static member functions
>   ([\#2584](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2584)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We relaxed some requirements of `seqan3::alphabet_base<alphabet_t>`
  ([\#2427](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2427)):
  * Old requirements: `alphabet_t::rank_to_char` and `alphabet_t::char_to_rank` must be lookup tables.
  * New requirements: `alphabet_t::rank_to_char` and `alphabet_t::char_to_rank` must be static member functions.

  This allows for more flexible rank <-> char conversion implementations. Lookup tables are still possible within those 
  static member functions. However, alphabets that do not need a lookup table can now use easier and/or more efficient
  implementations. For example, `seqan3::gap` always returns rank `0` or char `-`, or `seqan3::phred42` where the rank 
  and char representations are offset by a fixed value.
* We relaxed a requirement of `seqan3::nucleotide_base<alphabet_t>`
  ([\#2584](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2584)):
  * Old requirement: `alphabet_t::complement_table` must be a lookup table.
  * New requirement: `alphabet_t::rank_complement` must be a static member function.
```
